Document default fig-format being svg for typst (#1069)
quarto-dev/quarto-web: docs/output-formats/typst.qmd

---
```

## Computation Figure Format

> Typst has great support for vector graphics from SVG files, so `format: typst` defaults to `fig-format: svg`. This configuration will apply to any computation chunk to produce `.svg` image file as output. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typst has great support for SVG graphics, so `format: typst` defaults to `fig-format: svg`. This configuration means executable code cells that produce images will produce `.svg` output. 
```

If you prefer to include raster graphics, set `fig-format` to another value, like for example: 

```yaml
format:
  typst:
    fig-format: png
```

> See other Figure options in the [Typst reference page](/docs/reference/formats/typst.qmd#figures)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See other figure options on the [Typst reference page](/docs/reference/formats/typst.qmd#figures)
```
